docs: update the applicationMigration doc using override delete feature (#229)
Azure/fleet-networking: docs/tutorials/ApplicationMigration/ApplicationMigration.md

member-2   True     16h   38s                      2            1848m           10318332Ki
```

### Validate the Placement Status For Member Cluster 2

Before migrating the resources, you need to validate the placement status on Member Cluster 2 to ensure that the resources are placed correctly and available.

```bash
kubectl get crp crp-availability -o yaml
apiVersion: placement.kubernetes-fleet.io/v1
kind: ClusterResourcePlacement
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration: |
      {"apiVersion":"placement.kubernetes-fleet.io/v1","kind":"ClusterResourcePlacement","metadata":{"annotations":{},"name":"crp-availability"},"spec":{"policy":{"affinity":{"clusterAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"clusterSelectorTerms":[{"labelSelector":{"matchLabels":{"cluster-name":"member-1"}}}]}}},"placementType":"PickAll"},"resourceSelectors":[{"group":"","kind":"Namespace","name":"test-app","version":"v1"}]}}

>   creationTimestamp: "2024-11-21T08:35:49Z"

Reviewer: nit: remove those

  finalizers:
  - kubernetes-fleet.io/crp-cleanup
  - kubernetes-fleet.io/scheduler-cleanup

>   generation: 3

Reviewer: and this

  name: crp-availability
  resourceVersion: "11491938"

>   uid: df7dc703-6af0-401a-b41b-17e76f8383af

Reviewer: and this

```yaml
apiVersion: placement.kubernetes-fleet.io/v1alpha1
kind: ResourceOverride
metadata:
  name: ro-nginx-service
  namespace: test-app
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    -  group: ""
       kind: Service
       version: v1
       name: nginx-service
  policy:
    overrideRules:
      - clusterSelector:
          clusterSelectorTerms:
            - labelSelector:
                matchLabels:
                  cluster-name: member-1
        jsonPatchOverrides:
          - op: add
            path: /metadata/annotations
            value:
              {"service.beta.kubernetes.io/azure-dns-label-name":"fleet-test-member-1"}
      - clusterSelector:
          clusterSelectorTerms:
            - labelSelector:
                matchLabels:
                  cluster-name: member-2
        overrideType: Delete
```

Summary:
- The override makes sure the nginx-service won't be applied to the Member Cluster 2 cluster.

#### Create ro-nginx-service-export-2 Override

> Note:  override file located [here,](./testfiles/ro-nginx-service-export-2.yaml) and it should be created before the new service.
> So that the overrides can be applied to these resources.

> To ensure the new service is exposed in Member Cluster 2 only, you need to create an override to delete the serviceExport in Member Cluster 1 when propagating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the new service is exposed in Member Cluster 2 only, you need to create an override to only place the serviceExport in Member Cluster 2 when propagating.

```
